README.md, before:

# Mini URL Web Application

A project for demonstration.

**Table of Contents**

[Purpose](#purpose)  
[Requirements](#requirements)
[Specification](#specification)

<a name="purpose"></a>
## Purpose

This project is a demonstration of my actual
skills including but not limited to Java, Spring Framework,
TypeScript, Angular, Angular Material.

<a name="requirements"></a>
## Requirements

Murwa (Mini URL Web Application) is a server-client
application which makes its users able to shorten any URLs.

* The system makes long URLs short
* Users can request exact URL shortening (which is not in use) 
* Two arbitrary URLs have different short formats
* The system provides a navigable preview
* The system does not handle users
* The system persist the long and short URLs
* The system provides a list of all the URLs handled

<a name="specification"></a>
## Specification

The user is able to create a shortened URL using a form and
able to view the shortened URLs in a list using a web browser.
Picking one shortened URL from the list the user can watch
a preview and navigate to the URL. The system automatically
generates a short URL (containing a unique token). The user
is able to provide this unique token.

Commit message:

added UrlReduction entity with its repository and a long -> base 62 encoder

README.md, after:

# Mini URL Web Application

A project for demonstration.

**Table of Contents**

[Purpose](#purpose)  
[Requirements](#requirements)  
[Specification](#specification)

<a name="purpose"></a>
## Purpose

This project is a demonstration of my actual
skills including but not limited to Java, Spring Framework,
TypeScript, Angular, Angular Material.

<a name="requirements"></a>
## Requirements

Murwa (Mini URL Web Application) is a server-client
application which makes its users able to shorten any URLs.

* The system makes long URLs short
* Users can request exact URL shortening (which is not in use) 
* Two arbitrary URLs have different short formats
* The system provides a navigable preview
* The system does not handle users
* The system persist the long and short URLs
* The system provides a list of all the URLs handled

<a name="specification"></a>
## Specification

The user is able to create a shortened URL using a form and
able to view the shortened URLs in a list using a web browser.
Picking one shortened URL from the list the user can watch
a preview and navigate to the URL. The system automatically
generates a short URL (containing a unique token). The user
is able to provide this unique token.  

The system stores all shortened URL in relational database.
Every URL gets an incrementing decimal ID. This ID is converted
to base 62 using the following characters:
- 0..9 -> 0..9
- 10..35 -> a..z
- 36..61 -> A..Z

E.g. "AgL" string represents 139423.
